The percentage display lets you see your data in
a pie chart to show numerical proportion.
This type of data visualization is useful for identifying the parts of a whole quickly.
Let's use this display in the product performance report to see
how visitors are interacting with and purchasing products.
This report is an enhanced e-commerce report in
the conversion section of the Google Analytics reporting interface.
You'll only see it in your account if you've implemented enhanced e-commerce.
First, select the percentage display to change the way the display looks.
Next, select the shopping behavior metric
group to analyze how visitors are interacting with products.
Let's change the primary dimension to product category to focus our analysis a bit.
Change the metric to product detail views in both dropdowns.
This metric tells us the number of times a product detail page was viewed.
In the report, the home shot by brand YouTube product category
has the largest percentage of product detail views, 16.9 percent.
The pie chart makes that very clear.
If we look at the site for the Google merchandise store,
you can see precisely what this means.
On the homepage is main navigation menu,
you can shop by brand and YouTube is one of the options in the dropdown.
Each YouTube product has a detail page.
You can click for more information.
So we know that YouTube branded products had the most detailed views.
Can the same be said about checkouts?
Let's go back to our report to answer that question.
Change the metric here to product checkouts in both dropdowns.
So the answer to that question is no.
Apparel has a greater share of product checkouts.
Another important question is,
which product category generated the most revenue for the date range?
To answer that question,
select the summary metric group.
The Nest-USA category generated 45 percent of their revenue during this date range.
So even though YouTube products had the most views and Apparel had the most checkouts,
Nest-USA products generated the most revenue.
You can click on the Nest-USA primary dimension to see a breakdown by product.
The percentage display makes it easy to
identify the parts of the whole quickly using a pie chart.
Use this display when you want to analyze a
data set that has a limited number of categories.